A NETFLIX SERIES
Catalina needs to understand
that you two can't be together.
Simón. Are you listening to me?
-Hello.
-Hi, Susi.
Hi.
See you tomorrow at 2:00, okay?
No, I don't think I should.
I think I'm coming down with a cold.
Listen.
I don't think we ever say this, but…
-I love you very much.
-You're so sweet, sis, thanks.
-Sure.
-Are you okay?
Yes, I'm just feeling
a little sentimental today.
-Call me if you need anything.
-Okay.
Take care.
-Bye.
Do you think he knows we exist?
At least one of five pregnant women
had to tell him something.
-Not my mom, she wanted an abortion.
-And yours hid in a convent.
And everyone hid it from us.
Either he threatened them,
or the poor devil never knew.
In any case, he's in for a big surprise.
First we need to find out who he is.
Where the hell is Manny?
Juana Manuela?
Manny.
Everybody calls me Manny.
Manny. Sorry.
You look so much like my mom.
Really?
Yes, why haven't I met my cousin
in 25 years?
-Because my mom loves your mom.
-Yes. Sure.
That's why I contacted you.
My mom will be in Mexico for a few days.
We don't get along too well.
But she's done a lot for me,
so I want to do something for her.
How can I help?
Focus your intention on the quartz crystal
and place it next to your right tit.
Caridad.
Let nobody else touch it.
Valentina.
Yes?
Meet Gregorio Robles.
This is Valentina de la Paz.
Several colleges are using your article
about missing women of last year.
-Nice to meet you.
-Same here.
He was a Conaculta grant holder
when they switched names.
He can access the files you need.
-Really?
-All of them.
Welcome to the magazine.
Excuse me.
Here you are. Missing without a trace.
I'll need another errand soon.
A woman, single, 32.
The full package?
Fliers take about two weeks
from the time I get the information.
Thanks.
Miss Mai.
Bautista.
I can't control it anymore.
I'm scaring off my clients.
How do you know it's a memory
and not a vision of another car crash?
It's a different feeling.
I was there.
I have to find out what happened.
I didn't know
novices needed calling cards.
I saw you entering Julia's store.
No, these are…
fliers for an event at the convent.
Are you sure you're okay?
Yes, thanks. Don't worry.
That's what sisters are for.
And to tell each other their secrets.
Count on me whenever you need me, Caridad.
Don't forget.
Yes. That's the old bar.
The new owner even changed the name
two years ago.
So your mom sang here?
I guess so.
Mom always said she'd make it in Mexico.
You should sign up for Thursday.
There's one spot left.
Do they pay anything?
No, but talent-scouting agents
come looking for new faces,
and if you're lucky…
Okay.
-Thanks.
-Good luck.
-Hi, Bea.
-Hi, Daniel. Thursday's booked solid.
Let me see. Lend me your pen.
Matilde Heredia.
She says she's the daughter
of a Colombian singer
whose name is Dominga, same last name.
See you.
Many former Conaculta workers
could be bigwigs now.
The guy you're looking for
could be a deputy,
a mayor.
Even a congressman.
Whatever you're looking for,
you'll open a can of worms.
I shouldn't have reacted like that.
Maybe we can't live together.
But we can see each other.
I won't ask you about my dad.
You say it doesn't matter, then…
Would you like to have a bite?
Not now, but tomorrow
I'd like to take you somewhere.
We can go wherever and whenever you want.
For you.
Buy something.
-I'll pick you up at 6:00
-Fine.
Okay.
Julia makes fake IDs.
Certifications, diplomas.
Whatever a woman in danger needs
to start a new life.
Sometimes they have no choice.
-Does the Mother Superior know?
-No.
That's why I didn't want you guys
to find out.
If someone catches me, I want no…
accomplices.
He has to be a powerful man,
with access to artists
like your mom and Matilde's
who can cancel
an archaeological project like Alice's.
The grant holder was very useful.
Of course I didn't tell him.
He thinks I'm investigating a fraud case.
Come over when you get back.
Have a nice trip.
Bye.
FEDERICO, IT'S VALENTINA.
LET'S HAVE A DRINK.
The documents you wanted.
Thanks.
MOM
What is it, Mom?
Gracie? What's wrong?
What?
Isn't Dad there?
Okay, I'm on my way.
-Bye.
-What's the matter?
My mom took a bunch of pills.
I have to go.
-Call an ambulance.
-No. I'll explain later.
-How can I help?
-Never mind.
-Seriously?
-Yes! What rotten luck!
-Mr. Suárez.
-Manny.
I thought I'd never see you again.
Manny, baby,
you're definitely hotter every day.
Thanks.
But you made me look bad
with my friend Godoy.
It's a good thing he is a generous guy.
A nice guy.
With a big heart.
Stop resisting. My bodyguards are outside.
And he let me…
pay him back today.
No!
And in exchange, he'll forgive you
for the mess you made.
No!
Enjoy it.
Suárez!
Oh no!
No, Grace.
I don't know, Grace.
-Hold on.
-Careful.
I'm so ashamed. Forgive me, Fede.
Do you forgive me?
Mom.
Your dad never loved me.
All he cares about is his job
because he's a bastard.
He's a bastard!
-Mom, don't say that.
-But you're not.
It's just him. You're so cute. Oh, no!
I'm so ashamed! Why did they call you?
Take care, honey.
You're so sweet.
I freaked out when I found her
in the garden, Fede.
It's okay, Grace. I'm glad you called me.
Why are you here?
Grace says Mom put tranquilizers
in her whiskey.
It's nothing new, I don't need the drama
and it's not your problem.
It is if I need to come here
to make sure Mom doesn't overdose!
-Why didn't you take my calls?
-It's called work.
Dad, she needs to go to rehab.
That's ridiculous.
Sure, it would ruin your chance
of becoming a minister
if they find out
your wife is an alcoholic.
Girls, look alive.
We have some great clients.
Your show is after Nina's.
I'm not doing any damn show.
Damn it.
What's wrong, Manny?
Manny, the prosecutor insists
that I switch off the cameras.
-Go away. You're such a moron.
-Forgive me.
You can't just leave.
VALENTINA: WE'RE SISTERS, MANNY
CALL US. YOU'RE NOT ALONE
Is there someone you can call?
Want a drink?
I want to quit this shitty life of mine.
When you do, don't forget me.
YUCATÁN, MEXICO
POLICE DEPARTMENT
YUCATÁN STATE
The coroner said my mom died instantly.
It was a terrible accident
and nothing indicated she had moved.
Caridad.
A police officer is here to see you.
Detective Márquez.
Sister Caridad.
How can I help you?
The lawyer of the guy
we arrested in Cancún
was released by the D.A.
in exchange for cooperating.
I need to speak with Teresa.
We know she's one of Chango's women
and not a nun.
He abducted her.
Teresa phoned me.
I only helped her escape.
We run a shelter for women in danger
here in the convent.
It's not illegal.
Teresa went back to Chihuahua.
Can you contact her?
She could be in grave danger.
That smells yummy, Grandma.
It's okay.
This will happen all your life.
You need to learn to handle it.
Ready?
We'll go to a nice lake with lots of ducks
then pick up a friend who's visiting us.
Wait inside.
Call me when you find her.
I'll take it from there, Sister.
You can call me by my name.
Then call me "Lorenzo."
-Goodbye, Caridad.
-Goodbye, Lorenzo.
I took you home,
but when we returned with the shaman
Nicté was already dead.
No one said I was in the car?
Your grandma thought it was best
to keep it quiet
so you'd forget about it.
-Did you see the accident?
-I heard it at my place.
No one knows what happened.
There's nothing recorded anywhere.
They never found out
who was with you guys.
The guy took off.
I'd recognize him if I saw him.
-Where are you taking me?
-It's a surprise.
Cata!
Susana?
Yes. It's Susana.
Happy birthday, Mom.
It's you! I can't believe it!
Let me look at you.
Hi, Manny, come.
You're gorgeous. I saw your photos.
-Hello, Aunt.
-And you are Federico. You're so cute!
-Thanks, Aunt.
-And you're part of this, right?
I called him.
I had to meet the only family I have.
-Yes. We are your family.
-And your dad?
On a business trip.
It doesn't matter, come.
I'd like you to meet my sister
and my niece.
Matilde.
What do you think, Daniel?
The band is good.
But you're amazing.
Really? Good enough for a full-time job?
-Colombian?
-At your service, sir.
I'll see, paisana.
I've never seen her so happy.
Where do you work?
I know all the bars in town.
I'm a freelancer. And you?
What sounds better?
I'm a free spirit, or I still don't know
what to do with my life?
Both say you're a rich kid
that lives off his folks.
You two need to come to the house
right now.
I told Cata you're working hard.
Whenever you say, Aunt.
-To have dinner tomorrow?
-Great.
Simón won't believe his eyes
when he sees you.
-Right?
-Yes.
Maybe.
-You're mistaken, Pocho.
-You didn't see him gawking at you.
Are you really jealous of a guy
who could be my dad?
Who is it?
Mamá Ela. What's wrong?
What? When did they say that?
No. I still don't know anything.
It's okay. Don't worry, okay?
Yes, tell Papá Antonio it's okay.
Yes. Bye.
What is it?
The cops are issuing an APB on me.
What?
Why?
Answer me! Why?
Because…
Because I killed a man. I'm a murderer.
I can't remember the guy Yumil saw.
That's normal.
You were a kid.
It was a very traumatic event.
Why did he take off and not call anyone?
He could've made an anonymous call
to the cops.
Especially when your mom's life
was in danger.
What if it was intentional?
-I'm sure my mom was driving, Valentina.
-I don't mean the accident, Bautista.
You don't know what it's like
in that part of Colombia.
He always had some drinks
before going to the store.
He was furious
because I refused to date him.
That day he was even drunker than usual.
No!
He was a lieutenant.
We had no one to go to.
That same night…
Grandpa took all his savings
and he gave them to me.
And I fled to Mexico, Pocho.
They're natural feelings.
There's no need to worry.
Mother, I need to take my vows.
I implore you. Please help me.
Child, the convent is no place
to escape or hide from anything.
Maybe you need
to reconsider your decision.
No, I've wanted to be a nun
as far back as I can remember.
The other nuns left everything behind
because they know
what taking their vows means.
You were born here.
There are many ways to devote your life
to serving others.
Not all of them need a habit.
We expect Simón to be included
in the shortlist of three.
The Minister of Justice
is an important position.
Yes, he reports directly to the president.
My husband's dream and his dad's.
When he was a kid,
Rogelia made him use a robe
even on All Soul's Day.
Excuse me, Mrs. Catalina.
Víctor called to say they're on their way.
Thanks, we'll have coffee and dessert
on the terrace.
Yes, ma'am.
Tell me everything,
what you majored in, your job,
if you have a boyfriend.
Some other time, perhaps?
I'm exhausted. I didn't sleep well.
-Come, Susi. The corn cake is delicious.
-Have some black coffee.
Liqueur coffee?
Something told me you came here often.
I came to apologize for rushing out
half naked from your place.
I know what worrying about a mom is like.
No need to apologize.
How is she?
She's fine.
-False alarm.
-Great.
Looking after her is so sweet of you.
Really? Does it make me irresistible?
The truth is,
she's always been very lonely.
But she was just reunited with her sister
after 25 years.
Isn't that incredible?
I hope that helps.
Twenty-five years
to be reunited with a sister.
Wow!
Bartenders are well-paid.
And I can study remotely,
so it works for me.
You are very ambitious.
You must be very proud of her.
I am.
That's excellent.
Susana.
I can't believe it.
Hi, Simón.
Unbelievable. You haven't aged a day.
You must be Manny.
-It's a pleasure to meet you.
-Same here.
Coffee?
No, thanks.
I need to secure Senator Toledo's vote.
Of course.
Excuse me.
-Simón never changes.
-No, right?
I can't wait to pick up where we left off.
How about 8:30?
I get off at 6:00.
-You haven't answered.
-I think I yelled it in my head.
Switch your phone off first.
-Another drink?
-No.
Come on, two drinks don't hurt anyone.
It's my fourth.
You're such a drama queen, Susana.
-Down the hatch.
-No.
-Where's the bathroom?
-Down the hall.
When are you going to tell me
why you ran away?
Ran away?
I thought I told you I was offered a job?
Yes, in a three-line letter
you mailed me from Monterrey
two weeks after you phoned
to say you had the flu.
You can tell me whatever it is, Susi.
I'm sure it was so long ago
it doesn't matter anymore.
Come on. Tell me.
What happened?
Forgot something?
The bathroom is the second door
on the right.
Peña Nieto, right?
Yes.
Need something?
I need $200,000 in cash
to get out of here.
That's nothing for a rich guy like you.
I see.
And I have to give it to you
because you're my wife's niece?
No, because you don't want me to talk
and screw up your life.
I see.
I don't know what your game is, Manny.
But you don't know who I am.
I know exactly who you are, Simón.
A total bastard.
What the hell are you doing?
Are you taping me?
Get out of here.
What's that supposed to be?
The honorable Minister of Justice
fucked his sister-in-law
while his wife was pregnant.
Isn't that crazy?
Two hundred grand.
And the secret stays between us…
Dad.
Subtitle translation by: Ricardo Espinoza